feat(Authentication and ACL): Add User Session Limit feature (#613)
emqx/cloud-docs: en_US/deployments/user_session_limit.md

# User Session Limit

The User Session Limit feature is used to limit the maximum number of sessions for a single MQTT username. When a username exceeds its quota, new session connections will be rejected, and the corresponding CONNACK return code will be sent: "0x97 Quota Exceeded" (MQTT 5.0) or "0x03 Service Unavailable" (MQTT 3.1.1).

## Enable and Configure User Session Limit

1. Go to your deployment and click **User Session Limit** from the left navigation menu.

2. Click **Configure Limit** to enable the feature.

> 3. Configure the following options for the username quota.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Configure the following options for the user session limit.
```
